=head1 NAME

Net::LDAP::Message - Message response from LDAP server

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Net::LDAP;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<Net::LDAP::Message> is a base class for the objects returned by the
L<Net::LDAP> methods
L<abandon|Net::LDAP/item_abandon>,
L<add|Net::LDAP/item_add>,
L<bind|Net::LDAP/item_bind>,
L<compare|Net::LDAP/item_compare>,
L<delete|Net::LDAP/item_delete>,
L<modify|Net::LDAP/item_modify>,
L<moddn|Net::LDAP/item_moddn>,
L<search|Net::LDAP/item_search> and
L<unbind|Net::LDAP/item_unbind>.

The sub-class L<Net::LDAP::Search> returned by L<search|Net::LDAP/item_search> also
defines many methods.

If the L<Net::LDAP> object is in async mode then all these methods, except
C<done>, will cause a wait until the request is completed.

=head1 METHODS

=over 4

=item code

The code value in the result message from the server. Normally for
a success zero will be returned. Constants for the result codes
can be imported from the L<Net::LDAP> or L<Net::LDAP::Constant> module.

=item control [ OID ]

Return a list of controls returned from the server. If OID is given
then only controls with type equal to OID will be returned.

=item dn

The DN in the result message from the server.

=item done

Returns I<true> if the request has been completed.

=item error

The error message in the result message from the server. If the server did
not include an error message, then the result of 
L<ldap_error_desc|Net::LDAP::Util/ldap_error_desc> with the
error code from the result message.

=item is_error

Returns I<true> if the result code is considered to be an error for the operation.

=item mesg_id

The message id of the request message sent to the server.

=item referrals

Returns a list of referrals from the result message.

=item server_error

The error message returned by the server, or undef if the server did not provide
a message.

=item sync

Wait for the server to complete the request.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Net::LDAP>,
L<Net::LDAP::Search>,
L<Net::LDAP::Constant>,
L<Net::LDAP::Util>

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

This document is based on a document originally written by Russell Fulton
<r.fulton@auckland.ac.nz>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Graham Barr <gbarr@pobox.com>

Please report any bugs, or post any suggestions, to the perl-ldap mailing list
<perl-ldap-dev@lists.sourceforge.net>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 1997-2000 Graham Barr. All rights reserved. This program is
free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the same
terms as Perl itself.

=for html <hr>

I<$Id$>

=cut
